-Identify business problem/opportunity that these systems will address
-Create a narrative description of the system
-List system requirements for each system
-Priorotise the systems


---Accounting (mlm)---
The accounting system for Canterbury Carpet would be put in place to replace Andy's hand written notes. 
Since Andy has decided to purchase of a rival carpet cleaning company, his customer base as well as traffic is expected to double. 
Because of this, an accounting system would be highly beneficial for Andy's business as he will struggle to keep track of invoices and accounts receivable. 
For a system like this Andy would need a computer, as well as accounting software. In terms of accounting software, it would be a very difficult and expensive
process to create a new one, which would not be economically viable for a small business. Because of this, it would make a lot of sense to 
purchase a licence for an off-the-shelf accounting software. Since Andy will have nearly 200 customers to keep track of, he will need something that will
be able to handle a large number of clients and has the ability to expand in the future. 

---Billing (mlm)---
The billing system is essential for Andy's business as well. Currently, Andy is hand writing his invoices on completion which is not a very effective
method of billing customers. The billing system will solve the problems that Andy will be expected to face once the business grows in size. 
With nearly 200 customers, manual invoicing will prove to be a problem and will take up the majority of Andy's time. The billing system 
is going to be essential to his business, and therefore will be amongst the top priority in his list of information systems. He will need
access to a computer as well as spreadsheet software. 


Inventory (luke)

Website (njm)

Vehicle Management System (jfr)

Function List:

Website:
1. Attractive homepage
2. Business Information
3. Interactive Mapping System showing company area 
4. Mailing list for potential customers not in area
